
I am okay with taking on debt to fund new experiences or travel.
I do not enjoy creating budgets, preferring to handle money more flexibly.
I make saving a top priority, setting aside funds for future security before indulging in discretionary spending. 
I research thoroughly before making big money decisions (e.g., purchasing a home, car). 
I consider potential financial setbacks well in advance to be prepared 
I enjoy giving gifts or donating money, even if it means a tighter budget for myself. 
I find myself engaging in new side hustles and income streams for the thrill of it. 
I make deliberate financial choices to build and reinforce the image I want to project to others. 
I rarely worry about money details, trusting everything will balance out in the end. 
 I believe money is just a tool; I don’t obsess over it. 
 I find myself drawn to purchases or experiences that others view positively or recommend. 
I view unexpected costs as a normal part of life and see them as opportunities to learn, rather than a source of stress. 
I do not believe in mapping out financial scenarios or stress over setbacks - I trust I will adapt as needed 
I make spontaneous spending or investment decisions when an opportunity seems worthwhile, without overanalyzing it.
I am aware of and control how much I spend and save each month.
Receiving compliments on things I own or experiences I have had feels rewarding
I love mapping out clear, measurable financial goals (e.g., saving for retirement).
I often make spontaneous purchases without guilt.
Carrying debt makes me uncomfortable, even if is considered good debt.
The lifestyle and choices of my social circle influences what I too value in my life.
I measure my success by how many people I can help financially.
I believe charitable giving is more important than personal splurges.
I actively pursue high-potential, higher-risk financial moves.
I track my net worth regularly to stay on course.
I prefer stable income and low risk investments over chasing speculative opportunities.
I reflect on past money mistakes and adjust my plan to avoid repeating them
I often look to the choices of people I admire as a guide for my own purchases.
I compare multiple options (mortgages, credit cards, investments) to find the best deal
I am more motivated by potential gains than worried about potential losses.
I feel secure when I maintain an ample cash reserve in my bank for unexpected emergencies.
I feel limited by tight financial plans or rules.
I experience greater distress when my investments lose money than the satisfaction I derive from equivalent gains.
At times, I spend more to ensure my lifestyle stays comparable to those I spend time with. 
I often, offer to cover expenses or help friends or family in need.
I rarely hesitate to lend money to people I trust.
I feel more satisfaction when my money benefits others than when it only benefits me.
